halloween guys in touch as always dan
Brown in this video will show a bug hope
to get hold of
long-awaited uniform cop and I remember many
the guys wrote to me under the video in
comments like when new will come out
A way to get a coupe
for the long awaited video so guys don't
forget the thumb up under
this video to get more video
on my channel and i in turn
I will try to do it already so
let's guys on this video will collect
right amount of likes and i will you
very grateful guys exactly works on
consoles new generation under the gene and while
he is not personally questionable well if
there will be some information in the description
Under the video, add text works or not
on this or that console
I'll say right away that this bug is not with
catch you need a friend to perform
This bug we initially go to
pause then go to the network and start
case created by rockstar confrontation
This we in opposition are looking for task under
the name of the corrupt cop we run it
then in the settings we do everything
as i'm on the video still guys to perform
This bug is very important when you
remove the settings for this task block
weapons worth starting there found so
leave it if you put your something
you will not get a damn and you
will have already exactly puts the starting
Weapon either starter found here already
no difference
still guys you have to change the costumes
put the name of the classic so that later
you could hope this costume
cop and that is sure to put
starting weapon fleas weapons
then we put the costumes classic and
then we start why it costs me
it is the balance of the teams that looks like
then we could just in case
change roles with my friend
that is, for example, either from an outcast or
the criminal in my money worked with
a criminal to get a cop suit
this is justice called well
as soon as you set up this whole task
you immediately invite your partner
for doing this bug for me
this suddenly arshan
and thank you for helping with the implementation
this bug as soon as it joined
you immediately start this business then you
see something that someone from you will throw in
the team
criminals in my opinion this is necessary
because in the outcast I did not find the costume
it was from this cop and did not have to
go to the felon team and I'm there him
found this costume of justice and how
only you found it you run too
this case is clicked there is ready
immersed in this assignment you right there
sit down at the nearest point is cut off
near somewhere in the center and where
free space and book in the world
a helicopter that will help you
performing this bug well and when you
you ordered it already expect it
a helicopter when he arrives at you
This helicopter is needed to
you will spawn exactly the parachute because
we will travel in textures and
maybe you have not the first time
it will turn out while we will be all
try your friend will guard our
a helicopter so that it does not disappear ie we
let's get together a helicopter to give us a parachute
that is, a parachute is given to us automatically.
then whether we are doing the execution
this bug but as soon as you got into this
the helicopter you are heading to the cop
the site well and arriving by helicopter to
this police station you fly
back side where we remember on
there are secret locations that are already
In my opinion it was fixed but it does not matter, but here we are
when you landed with a helicopter and your
to a friend so that he gets into this helicopter
either standing close to being given
the helicopter did not disappear having found a car outside
SUV which is pretty
high we drive in the back
this police station then
lean our car against this wall
come here this is where I show on
map there who do not know is
police station
as soon as we leaned this car to
we jump onto the wall of the car
jump on this wall like me on video
then we make sure that we have
parachutes and jump off and in this look
empty space just under the texture
immediately open the parachute and fly like
I have three halls in the video where they know
there is a texture
of our garage and after the possible which
attempts we did get into our garage for
I'll explain later how they appear
it is not just the garage it is struck with
apartment that is here aleksey manual
here we fly by parachute and then we
already go to our apartment
having come at last to our apartment we
heading to the wardrobe and there we are already
think of what you need this suit all
same save and very cool what this
costume immediately with a cap that is not necessary
torment out to some more bucks with
cap
that is, do not have to bother immediately
all we have this suit I save
call a cop everyone can call
in my own way but I like it better and
then we can safely go out
of this assignment and then when we already
put on this saved suit named
interaction in the subjects we already have
this screen suit will be so guys not
worry but still a big minus
This bug is that if you have
it is a garage that is there is an opportunity
that you appear in this garage without
apartments you can not save
This costume has a solution to this problem.
you still have to and should replace
garage for an apartment
Well, sometimes not everyone will have such crap
but still it seems to me worth buying later
yet all the apartments so that you have
for sure to throw you into one of
them and also guys do not forget
subscribe to my public vkontakte
where will you find my latest news
the channel is not only and I actually
cheat group in gta5 online
cheat on all the console and pc now
I will torture packages so guys
join order
all important links are in the description
under the video and with you was den brown everyone
successful gta 5 online game for everyone
have a good day and bye